hello let me introduce myself
my name is maximus cheekbone hich i'm on
today is the author himself
the largest and most complete video course on
computer literacy which
called a computer it's very simple
or how to independently master the computer
my video course consists of four discs
this is more than 15 gigabytes of useful authoring
Information is more than 150 video lessons
total duration of more than 30 hours
unique material this course was
compiled from my personal work experience
at the computer which accumulated on
for over 15 years and to be honest
today my course has sold out
circulation already more than 5000 copies
while I did not get none
approving feedback
now I want to introduce you
free basic mini course computer
for beginners in this course entered
next topics
what is a computer mouse and keyboard
What type of devices are these and how
to use them in this mini course, we
let's talk about hot keys about typing
text on using the keyboard and
mouse, we will deal with the elements
operating system
consider what the window of ideologies
menu buttons and all other items
operating system management
We will understand how to use them and for
what they may be needed
let's deal with the disk and folder consider
what is desktop start menu panel
tasks system tray consider the most
often used file types talk
about programs and applications will understand
how to create a new file or folder
save them change them and so on
We will understand how to work on the Internet
consider all possible elements
webpage management ie internet
page learn how to fill out forms
let's talk about internet security
also we will learn to work with the mail
create a mailbox send and
receive letters and send files also
let's talk more about archives
and features and file downloads from
Internet networks
Immediately I want to say that this mini course
does not pretend to be exhaustive
computer manual
and serves only as an introductory material